
# Telephone directory Mobile Edition

## Description
This is a proposed solution about [this](https://github.com/xpeppers/telephone-directory-mobile-edition). For all general information about the app, you can read the [readme](https://github.com/xpeppers/telephone-directory-mobile-edition/blob/master/README.md).
In this implementation are managed only the mandatory requirements.
The app is developed using MVP + Coordinator pattern. Test target its also available, for testing main Business Logic of various Presenters & Validator.
For persist contacts i used [GRDB](https://github.com/groue/GRDB.swift), a library for manage easly SQLite written in swift.

## Usage
The app is really simple. There are 4 main views, about the 4 main funcionalities:
- List of all contacts
- Edit a contact
- Create a contact
- Import a contact from the list generated by contact framework

Contacts inserted in both way (written by creation form or imported by contact framework) are validated before being persisted. Thanks to that, all contacts are always valid.

## Requirements
minimum ios version is 12.4. 
Developed an tested using Xcode 11.2.1 & Cocoapods 1.7.5.

## Installation
Clone the repository, move to project directory and install all dependencies:
To run the project, clone the repository, move to project directory and install all dependencies running `pod install`.

## Author

Daniele99999999

## License

Telephone directory Mobile Edition is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.